Added important note for issue #4836 (#4903)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/information-protection/bitlocker/bitlocker-overview.md

The system BIOS or UEFI firmware (for TPM and non-TPM computers) must support the USB mass storage device class, including reading small files on a USB flash drive in the pre-operating system environment.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > You can use an OS drive encrypted without TPM and USB stick, from windows 7, [check procedure here](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/tip_of_the_day/2014/01/22/tip-of-the-day-bitlocker-without-tpm-or-usb/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> From Windows 7, you can encrypt an OS drive without a TPM and USB flash drive. For this procedure, see [Bitlocker without TMP or USB](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/tip_of_the_day/2014/01/22/tip-of-the-day-bitlocker-without-tpm-or-usb/).
```

> > From Windows 7, you can encrypt an OS drive without a TPM and USB flash drive. For this procedure, see [Tip of the day: Bitlocker without TMP or USB](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/tip_of_the_day/2014/01/22/tip-of-the-day-bitlocker-without-tpm-or-usb/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> From Windows 7, you can encrypt an OS drive without a TPM and USB flash drive. For this procedure, see [Tip of the Day: Bitlocker without TPM or USB](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/tip_of_the_day/2014/01/22/tip-of-the-day-bitlocker-without-tpm-or-usb/).
```
